Brain Connectivity Toolbox for Python version 0.2
Author: Roan LaPlante <rlaplant@nmr.mgh.harvard.edu>

==COPYRIGHT INFORMATION==
This program strictly observes the tenets of fundamentalist Theravada Mahasi 
style Buddhism.  Any use of this program in violation of these aforementioned 
tenets or in violation of the principles described in the Visuddhimagga Sutta 
is strictly prohibited and punishable by extensive Mahayana style practice.
By being or not being mindful of the immediate present moment sensations
involved in the use of this program, you confer your acceptance of these terms
and conditions.

Note that the observation of the tenets of fundamentalist Theravada Mahasi
style Buddhism and the Visuddhimagga Sutta is optional as long as the terms and
conditions of the GNU GPLv3+ are upheld.

==PACKAGES USED==
BCTPY is written in pure python and requires only scipy and numpy. scipy is 
required for a couple of functions for its statistical and linear algebra 
packages which have some features not available in numpy alone. If you don't
have scipy, most functions that do not need scipy functionality will still work.

A small number of functions (notably including network-based statistics, a
nonparametric test for differences in undirected weighted graphs from different
populations) currently require networkx, though this should be changed at some
point in the future.

==ABOUT BCTPY AND OTHER AUTHORS==
BCT is a matlab toolbox with many graph theoretical measures off of which bctpy
is based.  I did not write BCT (apart from small bugfixes I have submitted).  
With few exceptions, bctpy is a direct translation of matlab code to python.

bctpy should be considered beta software, with BCT being the gold standard by 
comparison. I did my best to test all functionality in bctpy, but much of it is
arcane math that flies over the head of this humble programmer. There *are* 
bugs lurking in bctpy, the question is not whether but how many. If you locate 
bugs, please submit them to me at rlaplant@nmr.mgh.harvard.edu.

Many thanks to Stefan Fuertinger for his assistance tracking down a number of
bugs.

Credit for writing BCT (the matlab version) goes to the following list of 
authors, especially Olaf Sporns and Mika Rubinov.

Olaf Sporns
Mikail Rubinov
Yusuke Adachi
Andrea Avena
Danielle Bassett
Richard Betzel
Joaquin Goni
Alexandros Goulas
Patric Hagmann
Christopher Honey
Martijn van den Heuvel
Rolf Kotter
Jonathan Power
Murray Shanahan
Andrew Zalesky

